{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
\fs24
\b Research Proposal for Reddit Data Access\b0\par
\par
\b Project Title:\b0\par
Temporal Analysis and Prediction of Engagement Dynamics in Reddit Communities\par
\par
\b Institution:\b0\par
Queen Mary University of London\par
United Kingdom\par
\par
\b Applicant:\b0\par
Name: Vasyl Shcherbatykh\par
Program / Department: BSc Applied AI, School of Physical and Chemical Sciences\par
Institutional Email: v.shcherbatykh@se25.qmul.ac.uk\par
Supervisor: John Benton\par
\par
\b Project Type:\b0\par
Non-commercial academic research\par
\par
\b Research Purpose:\b0\par
This project investigates how engagement evolves over time in Reddit communities and aims to identify the factors associated with the visibility and popularity of posts. The central objective is to study whether early signals available shortly after a post is created can help estimate its later engagement trajectory.\par
\par
The research focuses on publicly available Reddit content and associated platform metadata from selected subreddits. The study will examine temporal patterns such as posting time, early comment activity, score growth, and subreddit-level interaction dynamics, alongside textual and structural properties of posts and comments.\par
\par
This project is intended for academic research only. It is not designed for advertising, profiling, commercial resale, or generalized AI model training. If approved, Reddit data will be used only within the scope of this research project and only for the specific purpose of analyzing and modeling engagement patterns in Reddit discussions.\par
\par
\b Research Questions:\b0\par
1. Which early engagement indicators are most strongly associated with later post visibility and interaction volume?\par
2. How do posting time, subreddit context, and early discussion structure influence future engagement?\par
3. Can predictive models estimate later engagement outcomes using only early, publicly available signals from posts and comments?\par
\par
\b Specific Data Requirements:\b0\par
The project requests access only to public Reddit data required for the above research questions, including public submissions, public comments, and associated public metadata such as timestamps, scores, comment counts, permalinks, and subreddit names. The project does not require private messages, deleted-content recovery, hidden moderation data, or other non-public user data.\par
\par
\b Intended Methodology:\b0\par
The project will collect approved public Reddit data from selected subreddits, clean and organize the data, construct engagement-related variables such as early comment velocity and score progression, and then apply statistical and machine learning methods to evaluate which early indicators are associated with later engagement outcomes. Results will be reported in aggregate form through academic coursework, research documentation, or scholarly outputs.\par
\par
The predictive component is limited to studying post-level engagement outcomes within Reddit discussions. The project does not seek to build a general-purpose AI system, nor to use Reddit data for broad model pretraining or external commercialization.\par
\par
\b Direct Database Access:\b0\par
No. API access to approved public Reddit data is sufficient for this project.\par
\par
\b Ethical Considerations:\b0\par
Only the minimum data necessary for the project will be collected. The analysis will focus on content-level and aggregate engagement patterns rather than identifying individual users. The project will not attempt to infer sensitive personal characteristics, re-identify users, or link Reddit identities to off-platform identities. Findings will be reported in aggregate form wherever possible, and any quoted examples will be minimized and handled carefully.\par
\par
\b Data Handling and Retention:\b0\par
Data will be stored securely on researcher-controlled or institutionally controlled systems with restricted access. Access will be limited to the researcher and, where relevant, the academic supervisor. The project will retain only data necessary for the immediate research purpose and will refresh data where required to reflect deletions or removals in accordance with Reddit policy.\par
\par
\b Compliance Commitment:\b0\par
The project will comply with Reddit's applicable policies, terms, and restrictions, including any limitations on data scope, access methods, rate limits, retention, deletion handling, and approved use. No data obtained through approved access will be sold, licensed, shared for unrelated purposes, or used outside the approved non-commercial academic scope.\par
\par
\b Estimated Timeline and Current Status:\b0\par
Current status: Early-stage academic research setup. Data collection has not yet begun because access approval is being requested before any API-based retrieval.\par
\par
Estimated timeline:\par
- Month 1: approval and secure pipeline setup\par
- Months 1-2: data collection and cleaning\par
- Months 2-3: feature engineering and exploratory analysis\par
- Months 3-4: predictive modeling and evaluation\par
- Month 4 onward: interpretation and write-up\par
\par
\b Summary Request:\b0\par
I am requesting access to Reddit public data through the approved access process for a non-commercial academic research project at Queen Mary University of London. The purpose is to analyze engagement dynamics in selected Reddit communities and evaluate predictive models for post-level engagement outcomes using public submissions, comments, and associated metadata. The project will follow data minimization, privacy protection, and Reddit policy requirements, and does not require direct database access.\par
}
